(Day 1)
Welcome to the team!

This is your Supervisor, and I'll be helping you get acclimated to your new job
as a surveillance analyst in Branch 3A. Each day, I'll be sending along some information our
team has collected on various citizens. 

Let's start your training off with the basics: You can review the information
by looking in the folder on the center of your desk. When information looks important,
store it in the filing cabinet. You can view the information later to cross-reference
for suspicious activity by looking under that citizen's files in the filing cabinet.
There's also a notepad on the desk for you to track your thoughts.

There was a robbery at the federal mint yesterday, so try looking for
suspicious citizens and storing all the information.
What we know so far is that the burglar was apparently wearing a
John Hannah Patriots jersey.

If you forget anything from this memo, you can reference it again
from the binder. Good luck!

(Day 2)
I trust your first day went well!

There is more to your job than simply storing evidence. Your filing cabinet is only so large,
after all! If information does not seem important or your filing cabinet is filled, you can
shred evidence either directly from the folder of new evidence or from the filing cabinet.

More information has come in about the robbery. We have reason to believe that the criminal
is planning to strike again, so we need to bring him or her in.
You can inform the FBI of anyone suspicious to have them bring the person in.
Look at the information from yesterday and today to decide which suspect seems guilty,
then arrest them from the filing cabinet.

Arrests don't need to be made every day, but
make sure to balance getting information with acting before a suspected criminal has a
chance to strike!

By the way, this image came through from the mint's security system of the getaway car:

(Day 3)
Feeling acclimated?

There's more information for you to look over. In
particular, a certain man by the name of Georg Sieland
has been rumored to harbor pro-Communist feelings. I
want you to look at his information very closely. There
is a strong chance that he is a spy. If anything looks
even slightly amiss, I want you to take him in. I'll try
to pass on more information about him.

(Day 4)
4A)
Good day!
I have no doubt in my mind that Mr. Sieland is up to
no good. I want you to arrest him. This branch cannot
be outdone by the other surveillance branches, and bringing
in a Soviet spy would cement our team as a solid, competent
bunch!
-----
4B)
Good day!
I see you have taken in Mr. Sieland. Good work! Being
pro-Communist, he was most certainly a Soviet spy.
Arresting the likes of him will cement our team as a solid,
competent bunch! We won't be outdone by the other surveillance
branches with you on the team. Keep up the good work!
-----

(Day 5)
To all members of Surveillance Branch 3A:
Unfortunately, I may not be able to pass along
much information tomorrow. My daughter is ill,
so I'm coming to work late to take better care of her. Make
sure to continue to look into any information you do get and
make arrests! I'm certain there is at least one criminal lurking out there.
Weed them out--keep our country safe and our branch's reputation sterling!

(Day 6)
There was a conference today, with the heads of the
surveillance branches present. Despite the efforts of
everyone in our branch, the other branches
will outperform us if we maintain the current pace.
Everyone in 3A will be put out of a job! You must bring in
all suspicious citizens, so matter how slight.

(Day 7)
My daughter is feeling much better! I am now back to my full
work commitment, and have been able to give more thought to why
our branch is not outperforming the other branches as
much as usual. I wonder if something suspicious is here in the
surveillance department. We all have experience observing the public...
who is to say it isn't happening in our own office? I'm going to look into it.
You act natural and continue your duties.

(Last Day)
I've compiled a list of the heads of the branches of each department.
I've included myself to reduce suspicion. I'm sure that one of the heads
is spying on our branch...find out who has been acting the most suspiciously
and submit it to me. Pursuing their own agendas at the expense of MY branch...
I won't allow it!

I know what you're probably thinking, but think of your family.
What would they do if you didn't have this job?



